Create README.md (#11)
vaadin/flow-legacy-components: README.md

# Legacy Component Pack

> Set of components with backward-compatibility-optimized “legacy components”, whose features, APIs and behaviors mimic, as closely as feasible, those of V7/8 components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set of _Legacy Components_ for Vaadin Flow with features, APIs and behaviors mimic, as closely as feasible, those of Vaadin 7/8 components.

Built and tested on top of upcoming Vaadin 22 (Flow 9.0). 
```
